docs(system-e2e): Add documentation on system-e2e (#8412)
island-is/island.is: handbook/repository/system-e2e.md

# TESTING WALKTHROUGH

Welcome to testing. Jump to the section you need below.

# 🏃 Running tests

When testing an app/project you need to first start the app, then test it with Playwright.

## ⚡ TL;DR

- Start the application: `yarn dev/init <app> && yarn dev <app>`
- Test the app: `yarn playwright menu --e2e --project <path/to/your/app>`

## 🧑‍🍳 Prepare the app

For local development and testing start your app. Generally, first-time setup and running is simply:

1. `yarn get-secrets <app>`
2. `yarn dev/init <app>`
3. `yarn dev <app>`

However, not all projects support this, or are incomplete in this setup. If this fails, find its `README.md` and follow the instructions given there. If that fails, reach out to the QA team and we’ll remedy the documentation and improve the initial setup.

## 🤖 Start Playwright

Playwright can be started in several ways. Using utility scripts, in container, on remote (dev), etc.

> <aside>
> 💡 Add `TEST_ENVIRONMENT=dev` to the bottom of your `.env.secret` file to test against the live [dev-web](https://beta.dev01.devland.is/). Valid values are `local` (default), `dev`, `staging`, and `prod` to test the respective live environment.
> 
> </aside>

Author: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
💡 Add `TEST_ENVIRONMENT=dev` to the bottom of your `.env.secret` file to test against the live [dev-web](https://beta.dev01.devland.is/). Valid values are `local` (default), `dev`, `staging`, and `prod` to test the respective live environment.
{% endhint %}
```

> </aside>

Reviewer: Yeah remove it for now, but I find the 💡 more fund icon for info than the plain i, but that is subject to change in how gitbook renders the info hint.

- Utility script
  - Get help: `./scripts/local-e2e.sh --help`
  - Container: `./scripts/local-e2e.sh run -t acceptance -c container -i <app>`
  - Source: `./scripts/local-e2e.sh run -t acceptance -c container -i <app>`
  - ???: `./scripts/local-e2e.sh run -t acceptance -c container -i <app>`
- Source code in dev-mode
  - `yarn playwright install`
  - `yarn playwright test --project <path/to/your/app>`

> You can append to the `test` command the path/name of your test case `yarn playwright test <path/to/spec/file>` to only test a specific spec.

Author: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
You can append to the `test` command the path/name of your test case `yarn playwright test <path/to/spec/file>` to only test a specific spec.
{% endhint %}
```
